# CopyCode
Temporary code copy and paste, mainly used when asking questions of others. This is an entertainment project whose code is entirely generated by AI.

## Introduction  
This is an entirely AI-generated project.  

I am not a front-end engineer myself, of course, I know some front-end knowledge, but in this project, I am the identity of 0 knowledge to guide the AI to complete this work.  

I was only involved in the organization of the directory and the execution of the commands, Fortunately, after giving the AI a lot of guidance, it successfully completed the project.  
So it's a fun entertainment project, and of course you can use it for production environment if you don't mind some weird questions.  
You may see some code that is written in a strange way, or some methods are implemented more than once, I don't interfere and modify the code, I think it's the AI's own idea, even though it's not the best implementation from a human point of view, or it goes against the design patterns of software engineering.  
If you're interested, you can try to get the AI to optimize on its own code, you just need to give some guiding suggestions.

The process was very tortuous, and it had to be constantly left to fix itself, but in the end it succeeded!  

If you see this, you may feel that the text is a little strange, don't worry, this introduction is also written by AI himself.

## Dev QuickStart
Front-end  

1、Install packages  
`npm install`  

2、Run  
`npm run dev`

Back-end  
-todo